---
layout: project
title: Zora NFTs
date: 2021-02-01
description: Assorted video works minted as NFTs on the Zora platform
categories: [web3, video]
image: /assets/img/2021-02-02-wonderful-future-thumbnail.webp
---

## Wonderful Future

*Wonderful Future* originated as a flyer design imagining my speculative future, prompted by venerated artist and designer, Ed Fella. The design was brought into motion for my first mint on Zora and uses relational database operations as analogues for the impending work of building a new generation of tools, technologies, and infrastructure. It is a reflection of widespread optimism at the onset of the early 2020s Web3 moment.

[Mint #287 on Zora](https://opensea.io/item/ethereum/0xabefbc9fd2f806065b4f3c237d4b59d9a97bcac7/287)

<figure style="max-width: 480px">
    <video class="lazy" loop muted autoplay playsinline poster="/assets/video/2021-02-02-wonderful-future-poster.webp" data-src="/assets/video/2021-02-02-wonderful-future.webm"></video>
    <figcaption><em>Wonderful Future</em></figcaption>
</figure>

## Hyperpotassium

*Hyperpotassium* is a time‑based riff on Maurizio Cattelan's *Comedian* (the infamous Art Basel banana that became a $120,000 conceptual art flex). Instead of a static fruit taped to a wall, I taped a fresh banana to a surface in my apartment and photographed it every day for three months, letting entropy and decay become the medium. The resulting NFT video collage extends the original provocation into the time domain and onto a blockchain, pairing the absurdity of a decomposing banana with the permanence and provenance of cryptographic tokenization. If Cattelan's work revealed that the value of the banana was never the banana, *Hyperpotassium* pushes the execution further by emphasizing concept over object, decay over fetish, and instantiating the artifact's value in the delivery mechanism that enables its viewing.

An edition of "Comedian" was later purchased by cryptocurrency entrepreneur Justin Sun for $6.2 million. Sun subsequently ate the banana onstage, comparing it to a crypto asset and saying, "The real value is the concept itself." He may have been onto something.

<figure>
    <video class="lazy" loop muted autoplay playsinline poster="/assets/video/2021-02-01-hyperpotassium-poster.webp" data-src="/assets/video/2021-02-01-hyperpotassium.webm"></video>
    <figcaption><em>Hyperpotassium</em></figcaption>
</figure>

## Non-Fungible Trucknutz

Whether it's NFTs or CDs, you're gonna see deez nuts. Keep it swangin' 🤙

[Mint #1800 on Zora](https://opensea.io/item/ethereum/0xabefbc9fd2f806065b4f3c237d4b59d9a97bcac7/1800)

<figure>
    <video class="lazy" loop muted autoplay playsinline poster="/assets/video/2021-03-08-deez-nuts-poster.webp" data-src="/assets/video/2021-03-08-deez-nuts.webm"></video>
    <figcaption><em>DEEZ NUTS</em></figcaption>
</figure>